Added Word2IPA and Xtraceroute AI revamped (#346)
myfreeweb/awesome-gtk: README.md

- [Hotwire](https://github.com/emmanueltouzery/hotwire) - GUI that leverages the wireshark and tshark infrastructure to capture traffic and explore the contents of tcpdump files `#rust` `#gtk3` `#relm`.
- [NetPeek](https://flathub.org/apps/io.github.zingytomato.netpeek) - Simple network scanner that helps you discover active devices on your local network `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
- [pingpath](https://github.com/yvs2014/pingpath) - Network diagnostic tool based on parsing ping output with functionality of traceroute `#c` `#gtk4`.

> - [Xtraceroute AI revamped](https://blogs.gnome.org/uraeus/2025/07/29/artificial-intelligence-and-the-linux-community/) -  Network diagnostic tool that plots the traceroute of IP packets on a globe `#c` `#gtk4`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Xtraceroute AI revamped](https://gitlab.com/cschalle/xtraceroute-ai-revamped) -  Network diagnostic tool that plots the traceroute of IP packets on a globe `#c` `#gtk4`.
```

The blog post gives a great overview of the application, but I think linking directly to the source code would be even more helpful.

- [Memorize](https://github.com/david-swift/Memorize) - Application to create flashcard sets and quizlets to study and learn `#swift` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
- [Memorado](https://flathub.org/apps/im.bernard.Memorado) - Application to create deck of flashcards `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
- [Spedread](https://flathub.org/apps/com.github.Darazaki.Spedread) - Speed reading application to learn fast reading of text with less eye movement `#vala` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

> - [Word2IPA](https://flathub.org/apps/io.github.mohfy.word2ipa) - Utility to show the pronounciation of words or entire phrases in the IPA format, tailored for language learners, linguists, or speech technology developers `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Word2IPA](https://flathub.org/apps/io.github.mohfy.word2ipa) - Utility to show the pronunciation of words or entire phrases in the IPA format, tailored for language learners, linguists, or speech technology developers `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
```
